librbd/cache/pwl: code cleanup and some minor fixes (#44157)
ceph/ceph: doc/rbd/rbd-persistent-write-log-cache.rst

Initially it defaults to the persistent-on-write mode and it switches to
persistent-on-flush mode after the first flush request is received.

Enable Cache
========================================

> To enable the PWL cache, the following Ceph settings need to be enabled.::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the PWL cache, set the following configuration settings::
```
